so this is the things I with your
situation because you've already got a
strong list you holding a strong
following you know the way to look at it
like this you know if you when you
promote your product to your list your
cost you going to post a new to me for
free
ok your actual cost per transaction will
be sri percent So You Allah ninety-seven
percent of every course you sell
directly to your audience
yeah people people people get passes I
miss it so if you got list let's just
say you know you put a $9 course and the
new release a $25 to your list on an
early but you know you get a hundred
thousand way on a $25 course did amass
you know you just enter and a half
ground
night yes I don't know I couldn't get it
on the web sites hosted on you to me
behind a wall right click here and then
go to your website website and you can
load which actually a URL to your
YouTube because they click on that day
care for and they pay so imagine is a
shopping basket yeah ok guys for me to
you to me now you can get into teacher
boats.com which is where you list your
course on you to me and then duplicate
cross on through teacher bomb set up on
subdomain I'm I've tried download big
fan of that I think you can put stuff I
knew me put on YouTube different stuff
on your own website on you to make free
calls out that cannot last lecture you
can point them to your website so I
become the source of traffic as well and
just point because in fact we've got a
message that's right in this dream right
now from Bryn who got numbers I just
lost my first eighteen customers but
already turned one turn to a real client
so to bring his used as we're talking
about these tunnels putting the final
together bridges using you to me also
has a funnel
getting her you know one-on-one flying
and when you understand the power of
this is like I said earlier I put one on
and on you to me I think made sure what
it was two hundred hit toon appear to
have something like that
12 combined in the same period on you to
me I picked up fifteen hundred and and I
like what you were saying about how you
know I know this he believed you that I
have won anyway that's it pays off in
the end when you have a writing and it's
just in the marketplace that I actually
think the online pricing what what I as
I'm you to be a telling us the price
point
online Chinese tend to $19
because you do all the time between ten
and $19 all the time and you know
they've got more diet whenever anybody
else not standing that's an
anti-business an item is only worth what
someone is willing to pay ya know if
that's what they're willing to pay
that's what this is and yeah yeah that's
that's the way you know it was people
are only willing to pay an amount I
never think of it this I'm selling I am
selling little bit of life when you
really but I think I'm right and not
essentially I'm selling over and over
again and this is why I honestly believe
changing time for money is a form of
slavery
strong statement because they have to
pay you lessen the world to make a
profit from talking about selling
services exchanging time for money in a
salary based its slavery you can only
ever sell your time you're selling your
mind when you created product lucky you
are taking your time
time into digital content and then
you're saying that over and over and
over again and I think residual income
business models have never been easier
never been more exciting than it is
right now because in the past when you
want to buy houses you have to buy
something funny but now you don't you
just need to be willing to put some time
into digital product and then sell that
product
and if you're online and doing anything
I think it's a crime not to have in the
back end for people to buy homes sold I
wanted I wanted broke right now I'm not
advocating I'm definitely going by the
way no well when its successful then you
have to make sure that you're one of my
guest created largest make a successful
and then come talk to me I will
definitely we try to make it but we have
been really helpful and really thinking
about going on I'm actually been
thinking this could be a great and you
know what we specialize in helping
people build and also I would side when
you build ada ok so the best way to
build a fun others like this
builder product product yet the product
ready in the market place then you can
create desired content free content
which you've already got then interest
content which is your website already
got and then you put it on social media
see actually a well built a democracy
and I think so many people out there and
they're doing a damn about the product
is my product at the end they're doing
all this product at the end is nothing
beyond you know three thousand pounds
everything all complete you have no idea
I have the service I have every a
ethnic well then a beautiful website do
all the other projects lined up to work
within my power keeps growing and then i
dont i dont have I'm just slow so far
away so many people like yourself going
to you to me and my sweat lodge
following already establish create not
cause cause I tell you something
your audience is gonna snap I know make
sure you tease them start marketing
course as you're building a tease them
give them hints about it you know give
them a little snippets about what you're
putting in the course buildup that
excitement yet there is a reason is that
our people and yet again nice living
teaching people how to make sour
actually I've done in a conversation
with their works well with your audience
you want to give them hit that there's
something coming you want to build the
anticipation because it may take you a
number of times for people to actually
sign up in the mailing list I don't know
what males I do so put together for the
early bird discount for your course when
it launches and I mean obviously you
know you're not going to be people over
the head with it but yeah but teach them
over time and get excited to get more
and more people to be on your mailing
list and then when you launch that
course you can tell its live in here is
the super amazing incredible discount
for use on a familiar with Jessica bars
in an interview just as well as
that she teaches people how to make
jewelry when she launched her course she
said what you plan to do that they want
it was lodged I forget what you mention
to these other things that have been
sitting on the back burner when she lost
that day she said she spent the entire
day sitting in front of her computer
refreshing her income report on you
seeing how much he had made in sales you
did get anything done that and I think
she did you in 24 hours
course